So back in code, let's quickly think about our project.
In the end, what we're building here is an online shop,
so what we need is a starting page,
we need a page where we can view all the products that are listed,
we also want to be able to create new products, to edit products, as an administrator also to delete products,
we want to be able to add products to a shopping cart, to go to a checkout page and pay for the products
and then also as a customer, we want to be able to see our orders.
So that's a lot of stuff and we'll build all that logic throughout the course but we can already get started
and for that I will get started in the views and I'll try to add the views for the different things
we'll need,
we get add product and shop.ejs thus far. Now
let's add more views here
and I will also split them in sub-folders to group them together basically.
I will add an admin subfolder and I'll move the add product view into the admin subfolder for example,
I'll also add another subfolder and that will be my shop,
so this is the customer facing part
you could say and there I'll have my shop.ejs file, though I will rename this to product-list.ejs
because that is what I want to have on this page in the end,
it should be a page with a list of all my products.
Now this of course is not a complete list of all of the views but we already need to add some changes
as I restructured the folder structure here, for the product list for example for my includes, this
path is not correct anymore,
product list is now in the shop subfolder
so I first of all need to go up one level until I can dive into the includes folder.
So here in that path we should have ../ which means up one level and the same here for my
navigation.
So all that should be done
and also for
end.ejs here and of course the same for add product, there you want to go up one level, here
also up one level and down there, up one level. With this adjusted,
we also need to make sure that we render the correct views because in our controller, the products controller, we
return the shop view here
but this is seen relative from inside the views folder.
However first of all, we rename this to product list and second it's now in a subfolder named shop.
So actually we have to go into shop and then /product-list, this is the new path to our view. And the
same here for add product, admin add product here
this is now in the admin subfolder,
so we should go into the admin folder and then render add product. With these changes in place if I reload
my page here,
this should all still work
and indeed I can still switch,
so the existing views are rendered correctly
so that seems to work.
Now we can add more views here and for that in the shop for example, I'll have an index page,
so the starting page basically,
right now this is my product list,
well I will add a new area, the products area which should render the product list and the starting page
should be a different page
and in the end, it will be very similar but it should display less products
let's say. Now in the shop, I also want to have a product-detail.ejs view where if I click
on a product, I can see that and I want to have a cart.ejs
view which I can basically see if I click on the cart in the menu and we'll have to add this
menu item of course.
And there's one remaining view for now and that is my checkout.ejs view which will be the checkout flow
which we can start from inside the cart.
Now in the admin area, we got add product,
I also will add edit-product.ejs so that we can do that too
and I will also add my list or product list.ejs view.
Now we got a product list view already in the shop area,
the admin of course also needs to be able to see that
and just to avoid name clashes or confusion, you could name it like this, wouldn't be a problem
but to not confuse you when I refer to these views, I'll name it products.ejs in the admin area and
product list in the shop area
but you could absolutely use the same name because they are in different folders.
So now we got that setup and we'll add more if we need more
but that looks decent,
now let's go to the navigation and there I also need to work on the available navigation items because
right now if I structure this a bit different to make it easier to read like this, we get two navigation
items, one for the starting page and one for adding a product in the admin area.
Now of course you could argue that you in general don't want one navigation with all the normal customer
options and all the admin options but that is something we can tackle later,
for now in the next lecture, I want to continue working on this and add all the links to all my views
for the moment so that we can then refine this throughout the course.